README.md, before:

# qatsp packages
Quantum annealing for traveling salesman problem.

### Description
Using quantum annealing by the quantum Monte Carlo method, python code that solves for TSP (Traveling Salesman problem) which is a typical combination optimization problem was released by ab_t belonging to Nextremer.
We wanted to operate in R language.
Therefore, we created a package of quantum annealing that operates at R.

### Installation
You can install from R console.

If devtools is not installed on your PC, install devtools with Internet connection.

    install.packages("devtools")

Install from GitHub using devtools.
    
    library(devtools)
    install_github("ToshihiroIguchi/qatsp")

Load the qatsp package and attach it.

    library(qatsp)

### Examples
For reproducibility of results, we set random seeds.
Designate city coordinates for x and y to solve the traveling salesman problem.
The length of x and y must be the same.

    set.seed(108)
    result <- qatsp(x = Djibouti[,1], y= Djibouti[,2])


### References
http://qiita.com/ab_t/items/8d52096ad0f578aa2224

### License 
MIT

### Auther
Toshihiro Iguchi

Commit message:

add route and plot function. and manual.

README.md, after:

## qatsp packages
Quantum annealing for traveling salesman problem.

### Description
Using quantum annealing by the quantum Monte Carlo method, python code that solves for TSP (Traveling Salesman problem) which is a typical combination optimization problem was released by ab_t belonging to Nextremer.
We wanted to operate in R language.
Therefore, we created a package of quantum annealing that operates at R.

### Installation
You can install from R console.

If devtools is not installed on your PC, install devtools with Internet connection.

    install.packages("devtools")

Install from GitHub using devtools.
    
    library(devtools)
    install_github("ToshihiroIguchi/qatsp")

Load the qatsp package and attach it.

    library(qatsp)

### Examples
For reproducibility of results, we set random seeds.
Designate city coordinates for x and y to solve the traveling salesman problem.
The length of x and y must be the same.

    set.seed(108)
    result <- qatsp(x = Djibouti[,1], y= Djibouti[,2])

By default, trace = TRUE, and the transition of the shortest distance during calculation is displayed on the graph.
Optionally, by setting route = TRUE, the shortest route is displayed every time the shortest route is updated during calculation.

The shortest path obtained by the route function is displayed.

    route(result)

The transition of the shortest distance is displayed by the plot function.

    plot(result)


### References
http://qiita.com/ab_t/items/8d52096ad0f578aa2224
http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/tsp/world/countries.html

### License 
MIT

### Auther
Toshihiro Iguchi
